h1. Outline

I'm going with a marshal theme, here.  Let's see how this plays out...

h3. Introduction

h3. Lay of the Land

* Are you in a rescue mission?
** The 15 minute code review
* How did the project get here?
** Technical reasons
*** Poor developers?
*** Hard technical problems?
*** Lack of constant refactoring?
*** Technical Debt
** Non-technical reasons
*** Process?
*** Personality?
*** Lack of focus on quality?
*** Arbitrary deadlines?
* Should you take this project?
** Are the technical issues surmountable?  Are the bad developers still there?
** If there are non-technical issues, do you really believe you can fix them?
** How much should I charge?
** Visibility:  If this works, will the client likely send me other good clients?  If this fails, will it have my name all over it?

h3. Objectives

* Un-fuck the codebase.
* Train the client.
* Fix the process.

h3. Strategy

* _Some content from first part of the doing it wrong talk_
* Small Chunks
* Communication
* Visibility
* TDD
* Balance of refactorings with features

h3. Tactics

* Examples 
* _Some content from second part of doing it wrong talk_

h1. Instructions for getting started:

h2. Running the classroom locally

The classroom relies on the following gems:

* @haml@
* @activesupport@
* @podium@
* @ratpack@
* @RedCloth@
* @sinatra@
* @sinatra-static-assets@

It's just a rack app, so you can run it via "shotgun":http://rubygems.org/gems/shotgun:  @shotgun configu.ru@

h2. Slides

* ...are found under @podium/slides/railsconf-2010@
* The images go under @podium/assets/images@
* Each slide is inside a @.slide@ div
* @.slide@ divs with a class of @.section@ are sections
* @.slide@ divs with a class of @.subsection@ are subsections
* Sections and subsections should have an id, like such:  @.slide.section#Main_Section@, or @.slide.subsection#Name_of_this_Subsection@.  Those ids are used to generate the section listing (which you'll see when you type @s@).
* I've added custom HAML filters, @:code@, @:rubycode@, and @:htmlcode@ for adding syntax highlighted code blocks.

h2. Workshops

* ...are found under @workshops/railsconf-2010@
* should start with a number for ordering.
* should have a README.textile file, which is used to generate the classroom page.

