Below, you'll find each of the workshops we'll be working through.  

Once you download the files, you'll find that every one of the workshop directories is layed out in a consistent way.  You'll find @solution@ and @challenge@ directories, and files named @README@ and @Rakefile@.  

The @solution@ directory contains the finished solution to the workshop.  You can use this for reference if you get completely stuck, but we really recommend that you grab one of your instructors for help instead.

The @challenge@ directory is where you'll be doing your work.  You'll know when you've finished the assignment correctly when your tests pass (more on that later).

The @README@ file describes the workshop, and is used to generate the descriptions below.

h2. Running the Tests

Each workshop contains a set of tests which help you verify that you've finished the challenge correctly.  To run the tests, run the @rake@ command from inside the workshop directory.  You'll know you've done well if your output says *0 failures, 0 errors*:

<pre><code>
(in ..../workshops/01_ruby_methods)
Loaded suite ..../gems/rake-0.8.7/lib/rake/rake_test_loader
Started
....
Finished in 0.000463 seconds.

4 tests, 4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Loaded suite ..../gems/rake-0.8.7/lib/rake/rake_test_loader
Started
...
Finished in 0.000579 seconds.

3 tests, 3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
</code></pre>

Inside the rails applications, you can run a single test file like this:  @ruby -Itest test/unit/song_test.rb@

